add_core = RHE
owner = RHE
controller = RHE
culture = northwest_doric
religion = greek_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 1
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = honey
capital = ""
is_city = yes

small_harbor = yes
shrine = yes

142.8.10 = {
	add_core = LOK
	owner = LOK
	controller = LOK
	remove_core = RHE
}
#Refugees from Croton escaping the Bruttii
398.1.1 = {
	base_production = 5
	base_manpower = 2
}
425.1.1 = {
	culture = italiote
}
667.1.1 = {
	add_core = ROM
	owner = ROM
	controller = ROM

	base_tax = 0
	base_production = 3
}
671.1.1 = {
	add_territorial_core = RRO
	owner = RRO
	controller = RRO
}
674.1.1 = {
	owner = ROM
	controller = ROM
}
724.8.1 = {
	add_core = ROI
	owner = ROI
	controller = ROI
	remove_core = ROM
}

discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = greek_techgroup
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
#discovered_by = iranian
discovered_by = balkan
discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
#discovered_by = scythian_tech
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = iberian
#discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
discovered_by = caucasian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african
