add_core = SNP
owner = SNP
controller = SNP
culture = ionic
religion = greek_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 14
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 18
trade_goods = wine
capital = "Sinope"
is_city = yes

small_city_walls = yes
small_harbor = yes
cottage = yes
gravel_road = yes

center_of_trade = 4

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = land_reclamation_2
	duration = -1
}

#discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = greek
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
discovered_by = iranian
discovered_by = balkan
#discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
discovered_by = scythian_tech
#discovered_by = central_asian
#discovered_by = iberian
#discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
discovered_by = caucasian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african

164.1.1 = {
	add_core = SNP
	owner = SNP
	controller = SNP
}

195.1.1 = {
	add_core = LYD
	owner = LYD
	controller = LYD
}

208.1.1 = {
	add_core = PSE
	owner = PSE
	controller = PSE
	remove_core = LYD
}

237.1.1 = {
	add_core = KPP
	owner = KPP
	controller = KPP
	remove_core = PSE
}

424.1.1 = {
	add_core = SNP
	owner = SNP
	controller = SNP
	remove_core = KPP
	culture = pontic_greek
}

571.1.1 = {
	add_core = PON
	owner = PON
	controller = PON
}
575.1.1 = { #Capital of Pontus
	base_manpower = 23
	base_tax = 21
	base_production = 5

	small_city_walls = no
	small_harbor = no
	cottage = no
	gravel_road = no

	large_city_walls = yes
	harbor_district = yes
	big_shipyard = yes
	imperial_road = yes
	new_manufactory = yes
	tax_collector = yes
	government_palace = yes
	big_theater = yes
	hospital = yes
	great_temple = yes

	

}
680.1.1 = {
	add_core = ROM
	owner = ROM
	controller = ROM
	remove_core = PON
}
711.3.15 = {
	add_territorial_core = R1R
	owner = R1R
	controller = R1R
}
712.10.1 = {
	owner = ROM
	controller = ROM
}
714.9.1 = {
	add_territorial_core = R1A
	owner = R1A
	controller = R1A
}
724.8.1 = {
	add_core = ROI
	owner = ROI
	controller = ROI
	remove_core = ROM
}