add_core = CLB
owner = CLB
controller = CLB
culture = chalybean
religion = luwian_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 6
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 8
trade_goods = naval_supplies
capital = ""
is_city = yes

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = river_estuary_modifier
	duration = -1
}
#discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = greek
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
discovered_by = iranian
discovered_by = balkan
#discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
discovered_by = scythian_tech
#discovered_by = central_asian
#discovered_by = iberian
#discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
discovered_by = caucasian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african

164.1.1 = {
	add_core = LYD
	owner = LYD
	controller = LYD
}

208.1.1 = {
	add_core = PSE
	owner = PSE
	controller = PSE
	remove_core = LYD
}

237.1.1 = {
	add_core = KPP
	owner = KPP
	controller = KPP
	remove_core = PSE
}

350.1.1 = { religion = zurvanism }

422.1.1 = {
	add_core = PON
	owner = PON
	controller = PON
	remove_core = KPP
}

454.1.1 = {
	culture = pontic_greek
	religion = greek_religion
}