add_core = SRC
add_core = QED
owner = QED
controller = QED
culture = saracenean
religion = arab_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = wool
capital = ""
is_city = yes

discovered_by = LYB
#discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = greek
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
discovered_by = iranian
#discovered_by = balkan
#discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
#discovered_by = scythian_tech
#discovered_by = central_asian
#discovered_by = iberian
discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
discovered_by = caucasian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african
discovered_by = KUS

229.1.1 = {
	add_core = PSE
	owner = PSE
	controller = PSE
	remove_core = QED
}
234.1.1 = {
	add_core = NAB
	owner = NAB
	controller = NAB
	remove_core = PSE
}
422.1.1 = {
	add_core = MAC
	owner = MAC
	controller = MAC
}
431.1.1 = {
	add_core = PTO
	owner = PTO
	controller = PTO
	remove_core = MAC
}

654.1.1 = {
	add_core = NAB
	owner = NAB
	controller = NAB
	remove_core = PTO
}