add_core = SRC
add_core = EDM
add_core = QED
owner = QED
controller = QED
culture = saracenean
religion = arab_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 0
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = exotic_animals
capital = ""
is_city = yes

discovered_by = LYB
#discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = greek_techgroup
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
discovered_by = iranian
#discovered_by = balkan
#discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
#discovered_by = scythian_tech
#discovered_by = central_asian
#discovered_by = iberian
discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
discovered_by = caucasian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african
discovered_by = KUS

229.1.1 = {
	add_core = PSE
	owner = PSE
	controller = PSE
}

234.1.1 = {
	add_core = PS2
	owner = PS2
	controller = PS2
	remove_core = PSE
}

422.1.1 = {
	add_core = NAB
	owner = NAB
	controller = NAB
	remove_core = PSE
}
453.1.1 = {
	add_core = PTO
	owner = PTO
	controller = PTO
	remove_core = ANE
}

556.1.1 = {
	add_core = SEL
	owner = SEL
	controller = SEL
	remove_core = PTO
}

644.1.1 = {
	add_core = JUD
	owner = JUD
	controller = JUD
	remove_core = SEL

	religion = jewish
}
664.1.1 = {
	add_core = NAB
	owner = NAB
	controller = NAB
	remove_core = JUD
}
