add_core = CAL
add_core = BAB
owner = BAB
controller = BAB
culture = chaldean
religion = mesopotamian_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 9
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 13
trade_goods = fruits
capital = ""
is_city = yes

small_townhall = yes
shrine = yes
small_water_irrigation = yes
small_grain_depot = yes

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = chaldean_marshes_modifier
	duration = -1
}
add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = land_reclamation_2
	duration = -1
}

#discovered_by = roman
#discovered_by = greek
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
discovered_by = iranian
#discovered_by = balkan
#discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
#discovered_by = scythian_tech
#discovered_by = central_asian
#discovered_by = iberian
discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
discovered_by = caucasian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african

215.1.1 = {
	add_core = PSE
	owner = PSE
	controller = PSE
}

232.7.1 = {
	controller = BAB
	owner = BAB
}

233.11.27 = {
	owner = PSE
	controller = PSE
}

424.1.1 = {
	add_core = MAC
	owner = MAC
	controller = MAC
	remove_core = PSE
}

431.1.1 = {
	add_core = ALI
	owner = ALI
	controller = ALI
	remove_core = MAC
}

433.1.1 = {
	add_core = SEL
	owner = SEL
	controller = SEL
	remove_core = ALI
}
438.1.1 = {
	add_core = ANE
	owner = ANE
	controller = ANE
}

443.1.1 = {
	add_core = SEL
	owner = SEL
	controller = SEL
	remove_core = ANE
}

613.1.1 = {
	add_core = PRT
	owner = PRT
	controller = PRT
	remove_core = SEL
}