add_core = QED
owner = QED
controller = QED
culture = qedarite
religion = arab_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 14
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 18
trade_goods = fruits
capital = ""
is_city = yes
center_of_trade = 3

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = land_reclamation_2
	duration = -1
}

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = incense_route_tradecenter
	duration = -1
}
small_city_walls = yes
small_grain_depot = yes
small_water_irrigation = yes
small_market = yes
shrine = yes

584.1.1 = {
	add_core = NAB
	owner = NAB
	controller = NAB
}

#discovered_by = roman
#discovered_by = greek
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
discovered_by = iranian
#discovered_by = balkan
#discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
#discovered_by = scythian_tech
#discovered_by = central_asian
#discovered_by = iberian
discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
discovered_by = caucasian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african