add_core = EGY
add_core = MEM
owner = EGY
controller = EGY
culture = egyptian
religion = egyptian_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 0
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = meat_animals
capital = ""
is_city = yes

#fortress, border forpost

#discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = greek_techgroup
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
discovered_by = iranian
#discovered_by = balkan
#discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
discovered_by = LYB
#discovered_by = scythian_tech
#discovered_by = central_asian
#discovered_by = iberian
discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
discovered_by = caucasian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
discovered_by = african
229.1.1 = {
	add_core = PSE
	owner = PSE
	controller = PSE
}

232.7.1 = {
	controller = MEM
	owner = MEM
}

234.1.1 = {
	owner = PSE
	controller = PSE
}

350.1.1 = {
	owner = EGY
	controller = EGY
	remove_core = PSE
}

414.1.1 = {
	add_core = PSE
	owner = PSE
	controller = PSE
	remove_core = EGY
}

422.1.1 = {
	add_core = MAC
	owner = MAC
	controller = MAC
	remove_core = PSE
}

431.1.1 = {
	add_core = PTO
	owner = PTO
	controller = PTO
	remove_core = MAC
	culture = coptic
}
724.8.1 = {
	add_core = ROI
	owner = ROI
	controller = ROI
	remove_core = PTO
}
